fail1█well, technically it did land... just not in one piece
fail2█Basically, we don't know what happened ok
fail3█Error 404: Rocket not Found
fail4█Short Circuit: Uninsulated cables caused fire
fail5█Rocket not responding, press any key to continue
fail6█System update caused the rocket to reboot during the flight.......
fail7█Rocket quitted in order to pursue its dream to become a world famous firework.
fail8█Battery overheated (result: boom)
fail9█Who knew THAT can break
fail11█Sensor Failure: It just didn't work properly (Press F to pay respect).
fail12█Who forgot to install the landing legs?
fail13█The vehicle lost connection with the launch center, it didn't know what to do.
fail14█That's why you shouldn't ignite your engines with a flamethrower
fail15█Antenna Failure: On-Board Computer didn't get enough informations from the launch center.
fail16█Why the hell is the payload inside the fuel tank?!?!
fail17█free candy here : https://discord.gg/sbXwwMs
fail18█Not enough silver tape
fail19█Overpressure: Engine combustion champer exploded.
fail20█Looks the like rocket blew up due to aliens... don't worry we will keep it a secret.
fail21█Leakage: The fuel found its way out of the fuel tank.
fail22█What goes up, must crash down
fail23█Leakage: A small hole between engine and fuel tank caused boom boom
fail24█Your rocket defied physics...that is why it crashed
fail25█Hydraulic Failure: An important rocket part couldn't move.
fail26█Wait, that's not the ignition button
fail27█Overpressure: Payload just... exploded during the flight. The rocket was unguilty!
fail28█Oh deer, we forgot to open the parachutes...
fail29█Stupid Employee: He left his work tool inside a pipe, which was blocked by it.
fail30█Gretna sniped your rocket because it's bad for the environment
fail31█Hydraulic Failure: The fairings couldn't open
fail32█Don't worry, it's just a scratch
fail33█Compression: The fuel was compressed a little bit too much.
fail34█The payload wasn't in Rocket-mode
fail35█The fuel was too hot inside the fuel tank.
fail36█Note to self, don't stick stages together with blue tac
